exp0:
it: Welcome to Nighters Underground Realm (NUR).
it: We are a research organization striving to build a guaranteed afterlife.
it: You are here because you have died a secret death.
it: If you pass our experiments, however, you will be given life extension.


label lorale1:
ll: I grew up in a lab, where they did daily experiments on me.
ll: It was painful.
ll: One day they finished raising me, and sent me away into society.
ll: That was the happiest day of my life.
ll: However...
ll: I think they took something from me.
ll: Because everyday I felt like a blank canvas.

label lorale2:
llm: Aren't you tired of acting?
ll: I... (I'm exhausted/I'm not)
llm: You fake human being.

label lorale3:
doctor1: The patient has a missing body part that doesn't seem to be caused by the accident
doctor2: Yes I see it. The hole is big.
doctor1: Hold on.
doctor1: He's opening his eyes!
ll: Where...
doctor2: But how? He should be dead!

label letra1:
lt: Up until I was 13, I had the perfect life.
lt: Top student, lots of friends, and a loving family.
lt: Then lightning struck my house.
lt: I was home alone. Terrified. Electrocuted.
lt: Ghostified.
lt: Firefighters came.
fftr: "No sign of survivors."
lt: But I am here.
lt: I cried.
lt: I was in front of them, but they couldn't see me.
lt: My timeline played in front of me.
lt: I wanted to go to school again.
lt: I wanted to talk to my friends again.
lt: I wanted to eat buffets with my family again.
lt: I wanted to live

label tenyu1:
tyu: I feel lonely

label exp1:
tyu: I can't keep it up. They will find out.
ll: If you lie enough, the lies will become the truth someday.
tyu: I wish I can keep up a facade like you.

label exp2:
ll: I'm glad that someone knows the real me though.
ll: I don't have to pretend in front of you and Letra.


label exp3:
ta: Lorale... You're really kind. But sometimes it seems like you are forcing your responses. It's like you are hiding behind a mask.
ll: That's interesting. Why do you say that?
ta: I don't know. I can sense it. Nevermind, it's probably me being weird. It might be my illness giving me illusions again.
