it: "Welcome to Nighters Underground Realm (NUR)"
it: "We are special ghosts."
it: "In our night mode, we carry NUR missions to protect humans."
it: "In our day mode, we live like normal humans"
it: "And forget everything that went on in our sleep."
it: "Humans must never see nor remember us."
it: "If there are such humans, we have to eliminate them."



label mem1(in Taria's bedroom):
tr_t: Mom scheduled another doctor's appointment for me.
tr: Mom, who are those girls at the doorway?
mom: Taria... You, I, and Dr.Kim are the only ones here.
dr: Mam, after some analysis on our previous encounters, I think your daughter might be schitzophrenic.
mom: No way...
tr: No! I'm not.
tr: Actually I was just kidding this entire time, I can't see any girls.
mom: Taria, if you have a condition, you should get it treated.
tr: No, I don't. I just wanted attention, because I get really bored in my room.
tr: My brothers don't talk to me, and so I am lonely.
tr: I wanted friends so badly that I imagined them.
mom: Oh, honey... I'm glad that's cleared up.
mom: Sorry for making you come all the way here Dr. Kim.
dr: No problem, Mam. I would be happy to help you whenever you need.
dr: Ten-year-olds these days do anything for entertainment.
mom: Taria. You shouldn't lie like that for months. You had me so worried.
tr: Mom, when I grow up, I want to go travel with friends.
mom: Maybe in the future.
tr_t: After almost being diagnosed with schitzophrenia,
I decided to keep the fact that I see ghosts a secret.


label mem2(first day middle school):
tr_t: The first day of junior high school was my most important day of school.
ta: Grab a partner, introduce yourselves, and start this activity.
tr: *To the girl sitting next to her* Do you want to be my partner?
cd: Sure.
tr_t: That was how I met my first friend, Cassidy.

label mem3(travel):
tr_t: At age sixteen, I still lived a sheltered life.
tr: Mom, can Cassidy and I go to Irondale?
mom: No.
mom: The world out there is dangerous, Taria.
tr: Everyone else has been to foreign land. I've never even been outside this city.
mom: Don't compare to others. We don't have health insurance out there.
mom: What if you get sick? You have a weak immune system.
mom: Also, who knows how you will survive the climate changes.
tr: But I haven't tried...
tr: I want to learn how to be independent.
mom: You can start by doing laundry and learning how to cook.
tr: But that's boring...
tr_t: Mom always said I was in poor health.


